hey what's up guys today i'll show you a
comedy horror film horns
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
mark loves his childhood sweetheart
marin so much who was murdered one year
ago right before he's about to make a
marriage proposal for her
mark however is the prime suspect for
the murder
despite his declarations of innocence
and being set free by the police in
court
he's shunned by the community and
suffers huge pressure from the press
mark finds his situation even goes worse
when he's told a fire accident happened
to the forensic lab where all evidences
of the murder case were kept and
destroyed
feeling bad mark visits a local bar for
some alcohol
heavily drunken that night he staggers
to the place where his darling marin was
murdered
he then destroys and teases marin's
memorial out of rage
the next early morning marcus awakened
up by a huge pain in his head
he then checked himself before the
mirror only to get frightened by a pair
of horns protruding from his forehead he
then rushes for a health check at the
local hospital where he's astonished to
find that people all around him seems to
tell him their darkest secrets and
desires
and he can even read their past memories
just by touching their body the doctor
and nurse however rather than respect
his pain seriously just keep telling
mark their true feelings and evil
desires
annoyed by all of the happenings mark
urges the doctor to saw off his horns
right away
while under anesthesia for the surgery
mark's dreams of his childhood when he
first met merritt at a church
they showed a crush to each other at
their first sight
the little mark happened to find marin's
cross necklace lost in the chair
[Music]
later in a game played by mark and his
friends mark risked his life to win a
cherry bomb underwater and nearly
drowned
but was luckily saved out by his best
childhood friend lee
mark later traded the cherry bomb to lee
in exchange for fixing marin's broken
necklace
which was later given by mark back to
marin as a token of love
while the friendly however lost his two
fingers due to the cherry bomb going off
accidentally
injured badly though lee happened to
receive marin's comfort from her smiles
mark and marin dated frequently and fell
in deep love with each other
they even played the hormone let go game
at a tree house
while with a surgical knife still
attached on his horn
march happy sex dream is then
interrupted by the hormone let go noises
played by the doctor and nurse
he's upset by the doctor's malpractice
without better choice mark comes to the
godfather for help
ironically under influence of mark's
horns the godfather begins to confess
his own dark secrets
mark gets no choice then turns to his
child themed leave for the complaints
who however actually can't see mark's
horns
lee tries to easy mark down from his
illusions thinking that mark has taken
overdose drug
confused by these different reactions to
his body changes mark goes home and
confirms that instead of illusions the
horns do have unknown power to influence
not only his mother who reveals her hate
of his being her son
but also his long-loved father who
actually thinks mark is the real
murderer
because of that the father sets the
forensic lab on fire to burn down all
evidences presumably adverse to his son
crushed man feeling helplessly by the
surroundings mark decides to find out
the truth himself
on his way to the local bar he's then
molested by the chasing reporters who
instead under the horns influence are
forced into a fight competing for an
exclusive interview with mark
at the local bar after he learns that a
restaurant waitress testified she
witnessed him taking marin into his car
after the dinner right before the murder
night
he then want to find the waitress for
more details
the marriage ring in the car recalls him
his marriage proposal to marin at a
restaurant that night
but surprisingly he got refused for her
excuse that she had turned to love
someone else
failing the proposal the sad mark then
drove his car alone to the lake gets
himself drunken heavily and awakened up
by the police the next early morning
when he heard the death of maron for the
first time
mark later arrives at the restaurant and
finds the waitress who before his horns
reveals that she fabricated her story
just to become famous before the public
mark then talks to his brother for more
details
the brother before the horns however
tell him the big secret that after march
leaving he offered marin a ride home
while on their way the drunken brother
couldn't help but touch baron's face
which frightened marin so much
she insisted on getting off the car
immediately and walked into the woods
under heavy rain
while the brother waited in the car for
marin's coming back but passed out very
soon due to the alcohol
however he waked up in the early morning
only to find a walk beside with some
blood attached
cranked up the brother set out to search
the woods for marin who he soon found
lying dead by a tree naked and with
striking injury on her head
believing that he killed marin
unconsciously with a rock last night the
brother then drove his car to the lake
where he threw the bloody rock and got
rid of all crime traces
knowing the truth marx then launched his
strikes at his brother
coming police then detained mark and
bring him to police station
the next morning lee helps bail mark out
of the detention
right then mark notices marin's cross
necklace on his best friend
he keeps questioning lee about that but
lee just tells him that he had a crush
on maron long ago and marin turns to
love him away from mark
feeling betrayed by his lover and best
friend mark gets infuriated and flees
away in his car with that shocking truth
in an abandoned farmhouse he struggles
hard sick of all the brutal truths and
trying to get rid of his horns
he happens to realize the snakes there
seem to obey his orders
he then decides to use the snakes to
revenge against the waitress who dares
to fabricate the story just to be famous
and later he forces his brother to
overdose on drugs as a punishment for
his cause of marin's death
the other day lee meets mark by the
docks trying to make friends again with
mark who's still upset about their
betrayal
during their push and pull however mark
happens to pulls off marin's necklace
exposed to the horns lee falls under
influence he then confesses another
version of truth
it turns out when lee learned marin was
gonna break up with mark
he took it as a good chance to win his
long crush girl
that night lee followed marin into the
woods trying to comfort the sorrowing
marin with kiss
but instead he's refused by her for she
loved mark more than anyone in the world
reluctant to accept that he raped her in
a jealous rage then killed the screaming
marin with a rock
he took away her necklace before planted
the bloody rock on mark's dead sleep
brother trying to mislead the police
mark is shot there and can't accept the
sudden truth
while he seeks the chance to attack him
overpowers him with chain
and lights him on fire in the car
causing mark to drive into the bay
lee claims to the public that mark
confessed to the crime and committed
suicide
however he never knows the thorns allow
mark to survive horrifically burned and
disfigured
marin's father who now believes mark
innocent gifts mark the key to marin's
lock box
in exchange mark want to return the
necklace to her father who insists the
necklace should be used to protect mark
with the necklace put on his body is
unbelievably restored back to normal
with the horns disappear
in the box he finds the last words from
merritt explaining that she was dying
from cancer and didn't want him to
suffer from the marriage
so she pushed him away under the
pretense of loving someone else
through all of that mark chooses to
forgive his brother and even the best
friend lee who's led into the woods
where marin was killed
lee however pretends to confess his
guilt to the coming police and mark's
brother but suddenly seizes the gun
kills the police immediately
at that critical moment mark tears off
the necklace
without which he's soon released and
transforms into a monster with flaming
wings
despite lee mortally wounding him in the
fierce fight mark impales lee on one of
his horns and sends the snakes to
sentence the real murderer to death at
last
in the final scene mark calls back to
the memorable treehouse before he dies
from his injuries and his smoldering
corpse turns to hardened ash
while he appears to be reunited with
marin in their afterlife
this is daniel cc movie review peace out
[Music]